---
layout: post
title: 引用
subtitle: 
excerpt: <br>

tags: random
---

><p class="poem-ns">
>Hütet nun ihr der Wissenschaften Licht </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Nutzt es und mißbraucht es nicht </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Daß es nicht, ein Feuerfall </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Einst verzehre noch uns all </p>
><p class="poem-last">
>Ja, uns all.</p>
>
> <p class="quote-transl">
> Transl.&nbsp; <i>May you now guard science’s light / Kindle it and use it right / Lest it be a flame to fall / Downward to consume us all / Yes, us all. </i> </p>
>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl" style="margin-bottom:2.0em"> 
>―Bertolt Brecht, <a href="https://markusgrass.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/brecht_leben_des_galilei.pdf"> <i>Leben des Galilei</i> </a> </p> 


> <p class="quote">
> The time has passed when the normally well-educated man without special preparation could understand the most advanced work in, for example, mathematics, philosophy, and physics. Advanced music, to the extent that it reflects the knowledge and originality of the informed composer, scarcely can be expected to appear more intelligible than these arts and sciences to the person whose musical education usually has been even less extensive than his background in other fields. </p>
>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl"> 
> ―Milton Babbitt, <nobr> <a href="https://music.arts.uci.edu/abauer/7.3/notes/Collected_Babbitt_Composer_As_Specialist.pdf"> “The Composer as Specialist” </a> </nobr> </p>


><p class="poem-ns">
>Let me not to the marriage of true minds </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Admit impediments. Love is not love </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Which alters when it alteration finds, </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Or bends with the remover to remove: </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark, </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>That looks on tempests and is never shaken; </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>It is the star to every wandering bark, </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Whose worth’s unknown, although his height be taken. </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Within his bending sickle’s compass come; </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>But bears it out even to the edge of doom. </p>
><p class="poem-ns">
>If this be error and upon me prov’d, </p>
><p class="poem-last">
>I never writ, nor no man ever lov’d. </p>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl"> 
>―<a href="https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Shakespeare%27s_Sonnets_(1923)_Yale/Text/Sonnet_116">Sonnet 116</a> </p>


> <p class="quote">
> Je hais l’idéalisme couard, qui détourne les yeux des misères de la vie et des faiblesses de l’âme. Il faut le dire à un peuple trop sensible aux illusions décevantes des paroles sonores : le mensonge héroïque est une lâcheté. Il n’y a qu’un héroïsme au monde : c’est de voir le monde tel qu’il est, — et de l’aimer. </p>
>
> <p class="quote-transl">
> Transl.&nbsp; <i> </i> </p>
>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl"> 
> ―Romain Rolland, <nobr> <a href="https://fr.wikisource.org/wiki/Vie_de_Michel-Ange/Avant-Propos"> <i>Vie de Michel-Ange</i> </a> </nobr> </p>


> <p class="quote">
> Wissenschaft als etwas Bestehendes, Fertiges ist das Objektivste, Unpersönlichste, was wir Menschen überhaupt kennen. Wissenschaft als Werdendes, als Ziel, aber ist etwas ebenso subjektives, psychologisch Bedingtes wie alle anderen Strebungen der Menschen. </p>
>
> <p class="quote-transl">
> Transl.&nbsp; <i> Science as something already in existence, already completed, is the most objective, impersonal thing that we humans know. Science as something coming into being, as a goal, is just as subjectively, psychologically conditioned as are all other human endeavors. </i> </p>
>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl"> 
> ―Albert Einstein,<br> <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/4026436?seq=1"> Address at the <nobr>University of California,</nobr> <nobr>Los Angeles, 15 February 1932</nobr> </a> </p>


> <p class="quote">
> C’est pourquoi quand je me suis mis à considérer les diverses agitations des hommes, les périls et les peines où ils s’exposent à la Cour, à la guerre, dans la poursuite de leurs prétentions ambitieuses, d’où naissent tant de querelles, de passions, et d’entreprises périlleuses et funestes ; j’ai souvent dit, que tout le malheur des hommes vient de ne savoir pas se tenir en repos dans une chambre. </p>
>
> <p class="quote-transl">
> Transl.&nbsp; <i>This is why when I began to consider the variety of human agitations, the perils and pains they are exposed to at court, in war, in pursuit of their ambitious pretensions, from which emerge so many quarrels, passions, and perilous and fatal undertakings; I often said that all the misfortune of humans arises from not knowing how to rest quietly in one room.</i> </p>
>
><p align="right" class="quote-ttl"> 
> ―Blaise Pascal, <a href="https://fr.wikisource.org/wiki/Pens%C3%A9es_(Pascal)/2e_%C3%A9d._Desprez/XXVI"> <i>Pensées</i> </a> </p>










